do not waste your time in purchasing this product .   at first ,  i thought this would be a great kitchen gadget for making small cones for my kids or when i just want a little treat ,  but i was wrong .   the manufacture didn't think that as soon as the waffles are done ,  you have to be quick and roll the waffles into cones for it too cool .   well ,  instead of making one ,  you have to roll three in enough time before it cools .   i tried numerous times to roll each one quickly as possible ,  but by the second one the third waffle is cooled and has not had the chance to be rolled up into a cone .   it really is not smart for the manufacture to sell this product ,  unless it comes with three cone makers to wrap the waffle in .   and ,  to state that you need three people to make it or it will not work .   do not bother purchasing this product ,  unless you are an expert cone maker .   i did ,  however ,  went ahead and purchased the regular sized cone maker .   it is hard to perfect the perfect cone without having a hole at the bottom ,  but at least i have time to wrap up one cone at a time without having it cool on me to quickly .   also ,  the petite cone waffle maker is rediculously too small to try to wrap .   it really is a waste of energy .   you could put batter in only one of the cone indentions ,  and do it one by one if its what you are looking for .   that could work .   all in all ,  personally it wasn't worth my time and money spent on the thing
this thing is a piece of junk !  it's the only blender i've ever seen that comes with a  " stir stick "  to unclog the sides of the jar  ( where the stuff all goes instead of into the blades )  .  this should have been a clue that the thing wasn't very well designed ,  and it wasn't .  it always needed to be stirred when making any kind of smoothie ,  several times ,  which made the process a real pain .  also ,  the drain spout is a great place for food to hide and get nasty .  except for the jar it's pretty cheap plastic .  but it's in the trash now because the couleing fried itself after two months .  good riddance
for fifteen years i've talked about getting a good stand mixer and my sweet husband went out and bought me this one .  he bought it on sale at cosco last spring ,  then stored it until we moved back to the states from europe and gave it to me as a housewarming gift in nov .   i've used it a few times but the paddle and whisk don't reach the bottom of the bowl and the screw meant for adjustment will not tighten any further .   i can't get into the bowl at all while it is in the upward position .  .  .  to scape or to add ingredients .  i like to make crepes ,  which calls for adding sifted flour gradually over eggs while beating .  it's impossible with this machine .  i get a gluey mass at the bottom of the bowl ,  unmixed .  .  .  and the batter is full of lumps .   if i want to scape the bowl ,   ( which is frequently necessary since the paddle or whisk doesn't reach all the way to the sides of the bowl )  i have to stop the machine and lower the bowl each time ,  and even then ,  with the paddle or whisk attached ,  it's not easy to reach the sides of the bowl towards the back .  you can't turn the bowl without removing it from the stand completely .  you have to yank on the bowl and lift at the same time to remove it from the stand .  this takes a fair amount of force to maneuver .  it's impossible to remove the paddle or whisk without first letting it drop completely into the batter .  the speeds are not variable enough .  it seems to be either ploddingly slow or so fast that any liquid or flour flies out .it's a monumental disappointment and i'm frustrated because it's been so long since he bought it ,  i can't imagine they would allow it to be returned .  so ,  i still mix everything by hand or use my stick mixer and feel crumby about the big white doorstop taking up counter space
i had this machine for about 3 years with no issues .  but ,  how often do most people use their machine ?   i used it maybe 15 to 20 times .   i went to use it yesterday and all of a sudden i see smoke and the bottom of the machine and that funny electric smell  ( we all know what that smell means )  the plastic bottom of the base stuck to the machine and margarita's were everywhere  ( except in my glass )  .   we had to throw the whole machine out .   now i will be buying a new machine ,  being that i enjoyed the convenience of the spout but if i can't find one thats non plastic i will use my blender .   the smoothie maker makes less of a mess for drinks ,  a blender always doesnt pour as nice .  i will not buy another plastic model again .    ( i believe this one was a gift to me )   do yourselfs a favor and spend the extra cash on a metal version or even glass if this exists ,  obviously the motor doesn't last long and the plastic parts break to fast according to other reviews i've read .
at first we loved this pan .   we've used it quite a bit ,  but recently it has started to warp and it gets worse when it is heated .  i can no longer sear a roast and then put it in the oven because the pan is so uneven .   i've contacted all clad and am waiting to see what they say .  needless to say ,  i would have been much happier with a less expensive pan .   i am very happy with all the other all clad pans that we have ,  but this one is a disappointment
we used our beloved panini maker probably once a month or so for about a year ,  but it died without warning ,  and way too soon